date: September 14, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [johnmcki, ntkabala, grantwra, ajkirsch, mdkulbac]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  #{ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: johnmcki, progress: Set up github repo with master, develop, and release branches},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, progress: Added stub for bootstrap with organizational details},
  {ubit: ajkirsch, progress: None},
  {ubit: grantwra, progress: Stubbed out basic framework for back-end style},
  {ubit: ntkabala, progress: None}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  #{ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  ]
tasks: [ #What were going to be doing by monday
  {ubit: ajkirsch, task: make branch for hackathon code and put that in},
  {ubit: johnmcki, task: bring in mirror for sprint demo, meet with grant},
  {ubit: johnmcki, task: Make agile tracker acct and project},
  {ubit: grant, task: meet with john and get basic boot info setup},
  {ubit: ntkabala, task: investigate front end ui frameworks (ionic)},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, task: find tv, and a way to mount}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
-Want to use bootstrap for the ui
-Java app for basic functionality
	-Init with boot
	-Want no other functionality on pi other than this app
		-aka no terminal no os
-Hardware
	-Tv 32" cheapest one possible
	-One way glass (later, once we have tv)
	-Mount, tv or anything else
	-Frame, wooden stain
