date: September 26, 2016
meeting_type: instructor # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [johnmcki, ntkabala, grantwra, ajkirsch, mdkulbac]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitimate excuses for absent team members
  #{ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: johnmcki, progress: None},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, progress: None},
  {ubit: ajkirsch, progress: Ordered TV},
  {ubit: grantwra, progress: None},
  {ubit: ntkabala, progress: None}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  #{ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been discussed.},
  ]
tasks: [ #What were going to be doing
  {ubit: ajkirsch, task: Find and buy hardware. Research google cards.},
  {ubit: johnmcki, task: Make raspberry pi boot directly to our app. Research electron and fetch weather data.},
  {ubit: grantwra, task: Save UI layout when user moves objects. Research electron and fetching calendar},
  {ubit: ntkabala, task: Research google cards.  Begin creating electron app.},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, task: Look at electron and begin UI development.}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  -Discuss use of ionic for our app.
  -Discuss progress of sprint 2.
