date: October 03, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [johnmcki, ntkabala, grantwra, ajkirsch, mdkulbac]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  #{ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: johnmcki, progress: Researched the app design, got pi to implement boot sequence changes},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, progress: Built static layout pre-electron},
  {ubit: ajkirsch, progress: Got sensor working for on off screen},
  {ubit: grantwra, progress: Save restore functionality, basic hello world electron app},
  {ubit: ntkabala, progress: Directory stucture to implement electron}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: johnmcki, issue: Needed pi to work on boot code},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, issue: waiting for electron to rebuild layout},
  {ubit: ajkirsch, issue: issues building electron on computer}
  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
-TV somehow went to virginia, cant get another one yet, focusing of software
