date: October 09, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [johnmcki, ntkabala, grantwra, ajkirsch]
absent: [grantwra]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: grantwra : Out of the country},
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: johnmcki, progress: None},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, progress: None},
  {ubit: ajkirsch, progress: None},
  {ubit: grantwra, progress: None},
  {ubit: ntkabala, progress: None}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  #{ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been discussed.},
  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
-Nick and John worked on getting the weather widget to work
-Mike merged UI into develop
-Make youtube video

