date: October 21, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [johnmcki, ntkabala, grantwra, ajkirsch, mdkulbac]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: johnmcki, progress: Broke out tasks},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, progress: Jquery error stuff},
  {ubit: ajkirsch, progress: looked at taskes},
  {ubit: grantwra, progress: Broke out tasks and started android},
  {ubit: ntkabala, progress: Jquery error stuff}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  #{ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been discussed.},
  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
