date: October 29, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [johnmcki, ntkabala, ajkirsch, mdkulbac, grantwra]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: johnmcki, progress: Finished twitter integration},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, progress: UI Functionality/appearance },
  {ubit: ajkirsch, progress: Continued facebook app development},
  {ubit: grantwra, progress: server scripts for twitter/facebook posts},
  {ubit: ntkabala, progress: UI changes. Clock bug fixed}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  #{ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been discussed.},
  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
