date: November 16, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [johnmcki, ntkabala, ajkirsch, mdkulbac, grantwra]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: johnmcki, progress: twitter login tweaks},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, progress: UI stocks and weather tweaks},
  {ubit: ajkirsch, progress: zip code in app complete},
  {ubit: grantwra, progress: server changes for phone app posting},
  {ubit: ntkabala, progress: electron UI tweaks}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ajkirsch: issue: Might not be possible to get person's name that posted to facebook. More research is needed.},
  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
-Work through zip code server code
-Look at electron and adjust UI settings
-Talk about possibilited for facebook posts without knowing who posted it