date: November 20, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [johnmcki, ntkabala, ajkirsch, mdkulbac, grantwra]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: johnmcki, progress: UI layout choices in app},
  {ubit: mdkulbac, progress: Different UI layout files},
  {ubit: ajkirsch, progress: complete stocks in app},
  {ubit: grantwra, progress: calendar api implemented},
  {ubit: ntkabala, progress: calendar tasks pulled from server to UI}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
 
  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
-Facebook scrapped
-Create service for twitter and calendar to update
-test layouts
-create youtube video